add docs for coverage command (#410)
denoland/deno-docs: runtime/manual/tools/coverage.md

# deno coverage

Print coverage reports from coverage profiles.

## Command

`deno coverage [OPTIONS] <COVERAGE>`

## Synopsis

```bash
deno coverage [--ignore=<ignore>] [--include=<regex>] [-q|--quiet] [--exclude=<regex>] [--lcov] [--output=<output>] [--html] [--detailed] [-h|--help] <COVERAGE>

deno coverage -h|--help
```

## Description

Print coverage reports from coverage profiles.

> By default, when you run `deno test --coverage` a coverage profile will be generated in the `/coverage` directory of your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when you run `deno test --coverage` a coverage profile will be generated in the `/coverage` directory in the current working directory.
```
I think using CWD will be less confusing, WDYT?

Author: 👍

Subsequently you can run `deno coverage` to print a coverage report to stdout.

```bash
deno test --coverage
deno coverage
```

## Inclusions and Exclusions

By default coverage includes any of your code that exists on the local file system, and it's imports.

You can customize the inclusions and exclusions by using the `--include` and `--exclude` options.

You can expand the coverage to include files that are not on the local file system by using the `--include` option and customizing the regex pattern.

```bash
deno coverage --include="^file:|https:"
```

The default inclusion pattern should be sufficient for most use cases, but you can customize it to be more specific about which files are included in your coverage report.

Files that contain `test.js`, `test.ts`, `test.jsx`, or `test.tsx` in their name are excluded by default.

This is equivalent to:

```bash
deno coverage --exclude="test\.(js|mjs|ts|jsx|tsx)$"
```

This default setting prevents your test code from contributing to your coverage report.
For a URL to match it must match the include pattern and not match the exclude pattern.

## Output Formats

> By default we support Deno's own coverage format - but you can also output coverage reports in the lcov format.

Author: ```suggestion
By default we support Deno's own coverage format - but you can also output coverage reports in the lcov format, or in html.
```

```bash
deno coverage --lcov --output=cov.lcov
```

> This lcov file can be used with other tools that support the lcov format.

Reviewer: What about `html` format?

Author: I've added in an example out outputting in html

> 

Author: ```suggestion

```bash
deno coverage --html
```

This will output a coverage report as html.
```

You can customize the inclusions and exclusions by using the `--include` and `--exclude` options.

You can expand the coverage to include files that are not on the local file system by using the `--include` option and customizing the regex pattern.

```bash
deno coverage --include="^file:|https:"
```

The default inclusion pattern should be sufficient for most use cases, but you can customize it to be more specific about which files are included in your coverage report.

Files that contain `test.js`, `test.ts`, `test.jsx`, or `test.tsx` in their name are excluded by default.

This is equivalent to:

```bash
deno coverage --exclude="test\.(js|mjs|ts|jsx|tsx)$"
```

This default setting prevents your test code from contributing to your coverage report.
For a URL to match it must match the include pattern and not match the exclude pattern.

## Output Formats

By default we support Deno's own coverage format - but you can also output coverage reports in the lcov format, or in html.

```bash
deno coverage --lcov --output=cov.lcov
```

This lcov file can be used with other tools that support the lcov format.

```bash
deno coverage --html

> ## Arguments

Author: ```suggestion

## Arguments
```

You can customize the inclusions and exclusions by using the `--include` and `--exclude` options.

You can expand the coverage to include files that are not on the local file system by using the `--include` option and customizing the regex pattern.

```bash
deno coverage --include="^file:|https:"
```

The default inclusion pattern should be sufficient for most use cases, but you can customize it to be more specific about which files are included in your coverage report.

Files that contain `test.js`, `test.ts`, `test.jsx`, or `test.tsx` in their name are excluded by default.

This is equivalent to:

```bash
deno coverage --exclude="test\.(js|mjs|ts|jsx|tsx)$"
```

This default setting prevents your test code from contributing to your coverage report.
For a URL to match it must match the include pattern and not match the exclude pattern.

## Output Formats

By default we support Deno's own coverage format - but you can also output coverage reports in the lcov format, or in html.

```bash
deno coverage --lcov --output=cov.lcov
```

This lcov file can be used with other tools that support the lcov format.

```bash
deno coverage --html

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
This will output a coverage report as an html file.

```
